# Selling-Cheap-Custom-Made-Emojis-Read-me-
Hi hi! My name is Pancake and I draw custom made emojis! I started this small business to get to my goal of getting a pc, Im currently at 300 dollars. (1.2k dollars to go), I sell these for cheap prices. I think there fair for you so I will not lower the prices, for payment I only take PayPal. Custom made emojis made by me can be used for discord servers, twitch tier sub emotes, or photoshopping etc. I can make animated ones but those can take up to a lot of time... DM me if you are looking for some emojis I can help you with. I expect to be paid first since Im taking time from my day to make these Emotes for you. I will show examples of emojis I can make before you purchase though! Here is my chart if you are questioning the prices for emojis! :ribbon:   Chart: Normal Emojis: 3 emojis = 1 USD 6 Emojis = 3 USD  10 Emojis= 5 USD  10+ emojis = (calculated on how much you get) Animated Emojis: 3 Animated Emojis = 5 USD, 6 Animated Emojis = 10 USD 10 Animated Emojis = 20 USD 10+ Animated Emojis= (Calculated on how many you get)        Please know:    :starrainbow: Emojis can take up to a lot of time so purchasing and getting your emojis can take up to 1-3 day's, sometimes just a  :starrainbow: few  hours in a day depending on what emoji your looking for. :rainbowhearts: Due to our services, we are only making custom Food, Character/People, Animal emojis at the moment. :rainbowhearts: Please be kind about rejecting our emojis we took our time out of our day to make for you. (Payment is refund-able so let  us know if you would like a refund) ~~ OUR ONLY PAYMENT METHOD IS PAYPAL! We do not take anything else. (Besides nitros on discord, teehee.) Join my discord server: https://discord.gg/gSgek3e
